the Exeter school for the feeble-minded
the facility's original purpose was to
educate and rehabilitate mentally
challenged and mentally deranged
children Exeter's population rapidly
resulting in over crowd there was
rampant physical abuse and neglect
several died due to these conditions so
it is rumored that the years of Exeter
are still haunted by the souls you're
still fucking around up there yeah it's
a nightmare no one set foot in there
like a decade let's heart away why not
no cops no neighbors it's per movie star
right there's been a situation if you
have any holy water you might want to
bring it okay
god there's no devil there's just idiots
like you believe everything that's the
son of delicious and drive a stake
through his heart he's not those for
watching fucktard he needs an exorcism
your Astros a fucking Exorcist you
serious I didn't work so you got your
spit in the holy water you dumb fuck hi
this is the most sacred ritual in the
history of mankind and we his fucking
pissed all over it max von sydow is an
actor all right he was emperor fucking
me
I almost got shot by the local junkman
we performed an exorcism and I just got
prison shank by a psycho demon bitch
aside from that sweet fucking party
you